Formatting (#163)
oauth-wg/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt: draft-ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt.md

This document also describes an optional mechanism for Holder Binding,
or the concept of binding an SD-JWT to key material controlled by the

> Holder. Strenght of the Holder Binding is conditional upon the trusts
> in protection of the private key of the key matetial an SD-JWT is bound to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Holder. The strength of the Holder Binding is conditional upon the trust
in the protection of the private key of the key pair an SD-JWT is bound to.
```

Issuer-Issued Disclosures Object (II-Disclosures Object):
  A JSON object created by the Issuer that contains Disclosures for all selectively-disclosable claims in an SD-JWT.

Holder-Selected Disclosures JWT (HS-Disclosures JWT):
  A JWT created by the Holder that contains the Disclosures from an Issuer-Issued Disclosures Object that the Holder is disclosing to the Verifier. In addition to the Disclosures, it can contain other properties and may be signed by the Holder.

Holder Binding:
  Ability of the Holder to prove legitimate possession of an SD-JWT by proving
  control over the same private key during the issuance and presentation. An SD-JWT with Holder Binding contains
  a public key or a reference to a public key that matches to the private key controlled by the Holder.

Claim Name Blinding:
  Feature that enables to blind not only claim values, but also claim names of the claims
  that are included in SD-JWT but are not disclosed to the Verifier in the HS-Disclosures JWT.

Issuer:
  An entity that creates SD-JWTs.

Holder:
  An entity that received SD-JWTs from the Issuer and has control over them.

Verifier:

>   An entity that requests, checks and extracts the claims from HS-Disclosures JWT.

Reviewer: This is not the proper formatting. The formatting we're currently using is correct in terms of markdown (see https://www.markdownguide.org/extended-syntax/#definition-lists) and it gets rendered correctly into the XML, but xml2rfc does not seem to do a good job at rendering it. We should look into that.

Reviewer: I checked again and it seems that others (e.g., RFC9000) also use definition lists, but add another colon after the term to be defined.

Author: > Verifier:
>:  An entity that requests, checks and extracts the claims from HS-Disclosures JWT.

All of the following examples are non-normative.

## Structured SD-JWT

> The following examples show the variations of a structured SD-JWT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples show variations of a structured SD-JWT.
```
